fix: USB C vbus Kconfig (#62740)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/drivers/vbatt/README.rst

.. _vbatt_sample:

Battery Voltage Measurement Sample
##################################

Overview
********

This sample demonstrates how one can use the configuration of the Zephyr ADC infrastructure to
measure the voltage of the device power supply using a voltage-divider. The sample assumes a
regulator that provides a fixed voltage to IO38 of the esp32 behind a voltage divider. In this
sample the voltage divider consists of 300k and 100k Ohms resistors. It will then print the measured
battery voltage to the console. If you take care to not power the device thru the usb port, you can

> see how the battery voltage decreases over time, Thus indicating the current charging level.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by "indicates the current charging level".  Your sample only prints the battery voltage.  Without knowing the battery capacity and/or empty voltage, I'm not sure how one infers the charge level.

Application Details
===================

The application initializes battery measurement on startup, then loops
displaying the battery status every five seconds.

Requirements
************

> A charging regulator (e.g. MAX777) connected to a voltage divider to the

Reviewer: This sentence is incomplete.

Building and Running
********************

This application can be built and executed on QEMU as follows:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/drivers/vbatt
   :host-os: unix
   :board: esp32_devkitc_wrover
   :goals: build flash
   :compact:

> To build for another board, change "qemu_x86" above to that board's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build for another board, change "esp32_devkitc_wrover" above to that board's name.
```
